Update create-sas-tokens.md (#115264)
Azure/azure-content: articles/ai-services/translator/document-translation/how-to-guides/create-sas-tokens.md

1. To [construct a SAS URL](#use-your-sas-url-to-grant-access), append the SAS token (URI) to the URL for a storage service.

> ++ Note: SAS cannot be generated on the folder-level as Flat-namespace blob containers don't have real folders, and 
>    don't support folder-level security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> SAS can't be generated on the folder level because Flat-namespace blob containers don't have real folders and don't support folder-level security. 
```
